warmly dressed
suited
well-dressed
hooded
casually-dressed
uniformed
jacketed
smartly dressed
brightly dressed
well dressed
formally dressed
casual
blindfolded
dressed
helmeted
costumed
colorful
trendy
dressed up
casually dressed
fashionable
blue jackets
in maroon
wearing t shirt
wearing ski suit
in casual clothes
wearing uniform
wearing parka
white-clothed
wearing orange
wearing pants
wearing pink
wearing plaid
wearing plaid shirt
wearing pure white
wearing purple
wearing purple shirt
wearing red
wearing red shirt
wearing red shorts
wearing red sneakers
wearing red tie
wearing robe
wearing sandals
wearing sandles
wearing scarf
wearing shirt
wearing shoe
wearing shoes
wearing short
wearing shorts
wearing ski goggles
wearing ski outfit
wearing skirt
wearing skis
wearing sneakers
wearing socks
wearing solid white
wearing stripes
wearing suit
wearing suits
wearing sun visor
wearing t-shirt
wearing tie
wearing top
wearing total white
wearing vest
wearing watch
wearing wetsuit
wearing white
wearing white jacket
wearing white shoes
wearing white shorts
wearing white socks
wearing white tshirt
wearing wrist band
wearing wristband
wearing wristwatch
wearing yellow
wearing yellow shirt
wearing a backpack
wearing a blue shirt
wearing a bracelet
wearing a coat
wearing a dress
wearing a hat
wearing a jacket
wearing a ponytail
wearing a red shirt
wearing a shirt
wearing a suit
wearing a tan jacket
wearing a tie
wearing a white shirt
wearing all black
wearing all pink
wearing all white
wearing apron
wearing backpack
wearing band
wearing batting glov
wearing beanie
wearing black
wearing black shirt
wearing black shoes
wearing black shorts
wearing black trunks
wearing black watch
wearing blue
wearing blue dress
wearing blue flannel
wearing blue jacket
wearing blue jeans
wearing blue shirt
wearing bracelet
wearing braces
wearing brown
wearing burgendy
wearing camouflage
wearing cap
wearing checkered
wearing cleats
wearing clothes
wearing coat
wearing costume
wearing cowboy hat
wearing dark
wearing dark shirt
wearing dress
wearing ear muffs
wearing eyeliner
wearing flip flops
wearing garment
wearing glove
wearing gloves
wearing gray
wearing green
wearing grey
wearing grey dress
wearing grey jacket
wearing hant
wearing hat
wearing head cover
wearing headband
wearing helmet
wearing jacket
wearing jean
wearing jean shorts
wearing jeans
wearing khaki
wearing lanyard
wearing light blue
was wearing a white hat
wearing a
in a bikini
in a pink dress
in a suit
in all black
dressed in all white
in a dress
in a blue shirt
in a race
in a plaid shirt
in a wetsuit
in all blue
in a costume
in all white
in striped shirt
in suit
in suit jacket
in suits
in tan suit
dress
dressed as cowboy
dressed black
dressed for tennis
dressed formal
dressed formally
dressed heavy
dressed in black
dressed in blue
dressed in costume
dressed in gray
dressed in long sleeve white shirt
dressed in pink
dressed in red
dressed in white
dressed in whitee
dressed in yellow
dressed professional
dressed to ski
dressed warm
dressed warmly
dressed well
dressed western
dressed wizardlike
dressed zombielike
dressy
in bikini
in black
in black tuxedo
in blue
in blue jeans
in blue light
in bright light
in brown jacket
in brown suit
in floral skirt
all in black
all in white
baseball shirt
baseball cap
black attired
black wetsuit
clothed black
clothed darkly
bikini
cowboy hat
cutely dressed
with black shoes
with shirt
with striped shirt
with tennis shoes
with white shirt
with white shorts
wearing sunglasses
bespectacled
wearing glass
wearing glasses
capri
in white
in tennis whites
in uniform
in uniforms
in white garment
in white tennis shoe
in yellow
in yellow skirt
in jeans
in dress
in dress shirt
nicely attired
not in ghost costume
ski-clad
green-clad
sharp dressed
heavily dressed
long sleeved
short sleeved
short-sleeved
in purple
cowboy style
shirt
red shirt
skirt
green short
ski suit
wet suit
pink hat
has a green hat
bubble coat
winter coat
long dress
long sleeve
long-sleeve
glasses
has glasses
hat
in costume
with eyeglasses
with glasses
with glasses on face
with glasses on head
with red tie
with shades
blue jacket
button up
button-down
camouflage
colorful striped
in short sleeve shir
left shoe
pajamas
pants
shirted
short sleeve
spagetti-strapped
suit pants
tennis gear
wool vest
uniform
heeled
